Update short description and logo (#32)
PrestaShop/ps_customeraccountlinks: README.md

## About

> Enrich your stats, add a registration progress tab to analyze your visitors’ behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enrich your stats, add a registration progress tab to analyze your visitor’s behavior.
```

Isn't it like this?

Author: @NeOMakinG I think we want it to be plural here so it is visitors' ☺️
